== Installation

=== Install in a Rails app

Add the gem to your Gemfile:
  gem 'thor_tasks'
Run bundle, and install the tasks into your app:
  bundle
  rails g thor_tasks:install
You can see a list of all the available tasks by running:
  thor list

=== Install system-wide

Clone the repository and install them using `thor install'
  git clone git://github.com/travishaynes/thor_tasks.git thor_tasks
  thor install thor_tasks/lib/tasks/mongo.thor
  thor install thor_tasks/lib/tasks/spec.thor
  thor install thor_tasks/lib/tasks/spork.thor

== Spork tasks

These tasks allow you to start, stop, and restart Spork as a background process
from a Bash console.

The tasks are:
  thor spork:start
  thor spork:restart
  thor spork:stop

Since spork is being forked as a background process, once you start it, it will
take some time to load. During the time that Spork is loading, it will output
some text to the terminal. It's best just to wait until it's completely loaded
to continue.

== Spec tasks

The following tasks are helpers for running your RSpecs:
  thor spec:all
  thor spec:controller [NAME]
  thor spec:helper [NAME]
  thor spec:model [NAME]
  thor spec:request [NAME]
  thor spec:routing [NAME]
  thor spec:view [CONTROLLER] [ACTION]
  thor spec:list [TYPE]

You can also use these aliases:
  thor spec:a # => thor spec:all
  thor spec:c # => thor spec:controlleer
  thor spec:h # => thor spec:helper
  thor spec:m # => thor spec:model
  thor spec:t # => thor spec:request
  thor spec:r # => thor spec:routing
  thor spec:v # => thor spec:view
  thor spec:l # => thor spec:list

Running any spec task without any options will run all the specs for that
category, with the exception of the list spec, which will list all the available
spec files. For the spec:view task, you can specify a controller, and an action.
If you specify a controller without an action, all the actions for that view
will run.

To run your specs with `bundle exec', use the bundle option. For example:
  thor spec:all --bundle
or, you can use the abbreviated option:
  thor spec:all -b
  
== Mongo tasks

These tasks allow you to start, stop, and restart MongoDB as a background
process, and repair all Mongo databases.

The tasks are:
  thor mongo:repair
  thor mongo:start
  thor mongo:restart
  thor mongo:stop
  
== Apt tasks

These tasks are helpers for apt-cache in Linux.

=== apt:search

  thor apt:search "terms" # or thor apt:s

Pretty-prints the output from apt-cache search. 

=== apt:show

  thor apt:show "package" # or thor apt:w
  thor apt:show "package --desc # to only show the description

Cleans up the output from apt-cache show.
